# IISD-ELA Publications Search Engine
**Last Updated:** 2024-09-26, **Last Updated By:** Idil Yaktubay (iyaktubay@iisd-ela.org)

## Motivation
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To help everyone discover IISD-ELA publications, we have compiled an online publications database on Google Sheets and developed a search interface to that database using the open-source Python framework called ```streamlit```. The search interface has been deployed on Streamlit Community Cloud and will soon be embedded into the IISD-ELA website for all users to access.

## Usage
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Click [here](https://iisd-ela-pubs-search-engine.streamlit.app/) to navigate to the IISD-ELA search engine. By default, the search engine will display a catalogue of *all* quality-checked publications in the backend Google Sheet database. The search results can be narrowed down with search tags of interest using the "Search by data type", "Search by environmental issue", "Search by lake", and "Search by author(s)" features. When multiple of these tags are chosen, the search engine will display publications that match *any* of the tags you selected. The search results can also be filtered using the "Filter by author type", "Publication year start", "Publication year end", and "General search" functions. When these filters are used, the search engine will *only* display publications that meet the selected filter criteria. In all cases, the returned publications will be sorted in alphabetical order and formatted following the APA 7th edition citation rules. To examine the tags associated with each publication, the user can hover above the question mark icons found next to each publication. 
